README.md, before:

# Multilingual Lab

## Short Responses

Do them first!

## App Overview

In this assignment, you will be building out the project shown below. You should divide your UI into the appropriate components and should utilize state and the `useState` hook. 

![demo](./demo.gif)

## Tech Requirements

- [ ] Your app should render as a greeting (perhaps, "Good Morning") in English. 
- [ ] Beneath this greeting, there should be five buttons. 
- [ ] Each button should correspond to a different language (perhaps, "Spanish", "Haitian Creole", and "Portuguese"). 
- [ ] When a language button is clicked, the greeting above should be translated to the appropriate language.
- [ ] Above your greeting, there should be two buttons to change the font size.
- [ ] When the buttons are clicked, the greeting size should grow or shrink accordingly. 
- [ ] Your greeting should be its own component. In addition, each set of buttons should be their own component. 

## Set Up
It's highly recommended you use the scaffolding tool [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/) to create your starter code. You can run these commands to get started:

```sh
# Check your npm version
npm -v 

npm create vite@latest
# Choose Project Name
# Select React
# Select JavaScript

cd project-name
npm i
npm run dev
```

Open up the `App.jsx` file and remove the starter app.

Then get started building!

Commit message:

addinge explainer for checklist grading

README.md, after:

# Multilingual Lab

## Short Responses

Do them first!

## App Overview

In this assignment, you will be building out the project shown below. You should divide your UI into the appropriate components and should utilize state and the `useState` hook. 

![demo](./demo.gif)

## Tech Checklist

Starting in this unit, we will be using a different form of grading. Rather than running automated tests, we will be testing your application as a user would. We'll run your application and see what features your app can do. Your score will be determined based on the number of completed requirements listed below.

- [ ] Your app should render as a greeting (perhaps, "Good Morning") in English. 
- [ ] Beneath this greeting, there should be five buttons. 
- [ ] Each button should correspond to a different language (perhaps, "Spanish", "Haitian Creole", and "Portuguese"). 
- [ ] When a language button is clicked, the greeting above should be translated to the appropriate language.
- [ ] Above your greeting, there should be two buttons to change the font size.
- [ ] When the buttons are clicked, the greeting size should grow or shrink accordingly. 
- [ ] Your greeting should be its own component. In addition, each set of buttons should be their own component. 

## Set Up
It's highly recommended you use the scaffolding tool [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/) to create your starter code. You can run these commands to get started:

```sh
# Check your npm version
npm -v 

npm create vite@latest
# Choose Project Name
# Select React
# Select JavaScript

cd project-name
npm i
npm run dev
```

Open up the `App.jsx` file and remove the starter app.

Then get started building!
